capital = 909

#oob = ""

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = DIS_marc_davis
recruit_character = DIS_les_clark
recruit_character = DIS_roy_disney
recruit_character = DIS_milt_kahl
recruit_character = DIS_eric_larson
recruit_character = DIS_john_lounsbery
recruit_character = DIS_carl_barks
recruit_character = DIS_sherman_bros
recruit_character = DIS_mary_blair
recruit_character = DIS_ollie_johnston
recruit_character = DIS_ward_kimball
recruit_character = DIS_herb_ryman
recruit_character = DIS_john_hench
recruit_character = DIS_roger_broggie
recruit_character = DIS_jimmie_dodd
recruit_character = DIS_roy_williams
recruit_character = DIS_floyd_gottfredson
recruit_character = DIS_ken_anderson
recruit_character = DIS_jack_kinney
recruit_character = DIS_gunther_lessing
recruit_character = DIS_rolly_crump
recruit_character = DIS_ub_iwerks
recruit_character = DIS_art_babbitt
recruit_character = DIS_walt_disney
recruit_character = DIS_ronald_reagan
recruit_character = DIS_howard_hughes
recruit_character = DIS_wernher_von_braun
recruit_character = DIS_werner_heisenberg
recruit_character = DIS_fess_parker
recruit_character = DIS_joe_fowler
recruit_character = DIS_wolfgang_heitherman
recruit_character = DIS_don_dagradi
recruit_character = DIS_sterling_holloway
recruit_character = DIS_richard_irvine
recruit_character = DIS_frank_thomas

1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {

		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}
